Using bin in basic pipeline. (#21)
membraneframework/membrane_tutorials: basic_pipeline_extension/01.0_Bin.md

# Bin

A Membrane's bin is a container for elements, which allows for creating reusable groups of elements.

> Bin is similar to a pipeline in that it consists of linked elements. Such bin can then be placed inside a pipeline and linked with other elements. Bins can also be nested within one another.

Reviewer: Hmm, in fact `Bin` does not `use Membrane.Element.Base`, therfore I wouldn't refer to it as an element. To be precise, a bin is a container for element and other bins. I know you have mentioned that bins can be nested withing one another, but I would stick to a naming convention that elements are: filters/sources/sinks/endpoints

Reviewer: The fact, that in some cases bin behaves like an element (it can be put in the pipeline, it has pads) and in other cases it behaves like a pipeline (as you have described) might be worth mentioning

Author: What word would you use, that describes both bins and elements? component, entity, item?

Reviewer: Well, in Pipeline's API it is refered as "children" (meaning - "Pipeline's children"), but I am not sure if it fits well here, WDYT?

Author: I'll go with `entity`

Bin also has another advantage - it manages its children, for instance by dynamically spawning or replacing them as the stream changes.

# Enclosing pipeline elements inside a bin

As you can see, we have `Source` -> `Ordering Buffer` -> `Depayloader` chain, which is duplicated.
![Pipeline scheme](../basic_pipeline/assets/images/basic_pipeline.png) <br>

> 

Reviewer: Shouldn't we change that image too, so that it has "A", "B" and "AB" tags in the file fields?

Author: Yes, however, we are referencing the basic_pipeline/ folder here, so once merged this image will update.
Maybe it's better to duplicate the image and put it inside the basic_pipeline_extension folder so that all assets for this guide are in one place? WDYT?

Reviewer: Oh, I see. I think we should duplicate it, so that there are no references among directories. 
However, in case we needed to share some assets more frequently, we can think about creating the assets/ directory in the repository's root catalog.

We can encapsulate these elements inside `Bin`.
![Pipeline scheme using bin](/basic_pipeline_extension/assets/images/basic_pipeline_bin.png) <br>

Just like with a pipeline, we have to define bin's children and the links between them.

###### **`lib/Bin.ex`**
```Elixir
defmodule Basic.Bin do
  use Membrane.Bin

  def_output_pad :output,
    demand_unit: :buffers,
    caps: {Basic.Formats.Frame, encoding: :utf8}

  @impl true
  def handle_init(_opts) do
    children = %{
      input: %Basic.Elements.Source{location: "input.A.txt"},
      ordering_buffer: Basic.Elements.OrderingBuffer,
      depayloader: %Basic.Elements.Depayloader{packets_per_frame: 4}
    }

    links = [
      link(:input) |> to(:ordering_buffer) |> to(:depayloader) |> to_bin_output(:output)
    ]

    spec = %ParentSpec{children: children, links: links}

    {{:ok, spec: spec}, %{}}
  end
end
```

> The first thing you may notice is that unlike with the pipeline we are defining output pads. This is because the bin has to send its data to `Mixer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first thing you may notice is that unlike with the pipeline we are defining output pads. This is because we want the bin to send its data to the following element or a bin in the pipeline - in case of our pipeline, to the `Mixer`.
```

Well, bin does not have to send its data to the next element/bin in all cases - i.e. we might have a bin that is finished with a sink.
